MODULE SYSTEM

The player has an Active and a Passive slot.
Only 1 module per slot, 1 module may not be equipped into multiple slots.
ALL features of an active module are temporary.

Active modules use different amounts of energy, which is displayed as a small/thin blue bar above fuel.
Energy gradually increases over time.
(aka 'cool-down' is simply defined by how much power the module uses, some you would have to wait
for the bar to fill to use, some for example may take only a quarter, so you could wait a quarter of the time
or you can wait for it to fill and use the ability 4 times in quick succession,
energy cost can be used to balance modules.)



Module1:
Active: Blink
The player instantly rushes forwards a set distance, ignoring current speed & direction.
After the dash the players speed and direction return to the what they were originally.
(module would detect if anything solid is in front of the player and cut the distance short,
that way the player stops just before the object and can't go phasing through walls)

Passive: Speed Boost
The player walks and accelerates/decelerates while floating more quickly.



Module2:
Active: Invulnerability
The player temporarily gains a shield and becomes unable to take damage.

Passive: Strength Boost
The player has stronger armour (more health) and therefore takes more damage to kill.
However the player is also heavier and is a little slower at walking and accelerating/decelerating while floating.



Module3:
Active: Invisibility
The player temporarily becomes invisible and also will not show on enemy players radars.
(perhaps not completely invisible, maybe like 90% transparent, so people still have a chance to notice)

Passive: Radar-Proof
The player is not shown on enemy radars while not moving.
(campers yolo420swagMLGpro)



Module4:
Active: Weapon Recharge
The player uses their energy to recharge their equipped energy weapon.
This should not work if a slug weapon is equipped.
This gives the weapon extra ammo with an amount depending on the type of weapon.
(eg laserrifle gets 30, shock-cannon gets 12, plasma blaster gets 4, basically one 'clip')

Passive: Gradual Charge
The players equipped energy weapons gradually gain ammo over time.
(relative to 'clip' size, so you arent gonna get 1 plasma blast in the same amount of time as 1 laser rifle shot)



Module5:
Active: Energy Pulse
The player releases a sphererical shock-wave that expands around the player, pushing other players away.
Not as strong as a shock-cannon but hits in all directions.

Passive: Energy Shield
The player takes less damage from energy weapons.



Module6:
Active: Scanner
The players radar decetion distance doubles.
Any players that appear on radar but can't be seen are given a coloured overlay/silhouette/outline.
The overlay goes 'above' everything (like nametags used to), allowing the player to see others
through walls simply by looking in their direction.
Live grenades/mines also appear on the radar and have 'overlays' like other players.

Passive: Radar Boost
The players radar detection distance is increased by 50%.
